Working for the Interplanetary Authority the Umbrals were dispatched to be the vanguard against a pirate fortress. 

After dropping into a hotly contested pirate resourcing area, the Umbrals were able to push the enemy off of the objective and secure the area. This will serve as the forward operating base for the remainder of the operation, and be reclaimed in time by its proper owners. For now it means a place to get some quick repairs, put the nerds in place to collect intel and make sure you can fall back somewhere if things go sideways... which they always can. 

**Primary Objective:** Success! You will get paid. The additional intel and secure position means you will be able to choose your route of attack between 

**2a: DISCORDANT BREATH:** The enemy has an entrenched artillery position firing on the primary position where we're deploying a viral payload to disable the main defenses in the enemy base. Red team won't last long if the artillery remains in place. Brave the fire and bring it down so the other team can deploy the payload. 

**2b: COLD STAR:** We came prepared to cripple the pirates. In our possession is a device that will disable the bulk of their forces . A massive NHP designed cyber-viral payload that will shut down the majority of their defenses and mechs. Unfortunately they're not going to just stand around and let you deploy the thing. It needs to be set up fairly close to their main base. Hold out until the weapon is armed while the other teams keep the artillery off of you.  

and will not have to complete **1B: SINGULARITY ORCHID** 

**Secondary Objective**: Partial completion. Due to the nature of the confusion of the first session and the fact that you *did* scan it, the team is granted an alternate reward. 

**REACTOR CAPACITY UPGRADE **
Declare before rolling Heat for Overcharge. The heat resulting from the Overcharge is treated as 0.
(Like all reserves, you have to bring it on the encounter, assign it to a player, and once its used its gone forever. No more than 1 reserve per character per encounter)